URL: https://m.economictimes.com/markets/stocks/news/stock-radar-hindustan-unilever-could-hit-fresh-record-high-in-july-series-heres-why/articleshow/111412065.cms

Hindustan Unilever is poised for growth, supported by strong technical indicators and positive derivatives data. With potential for fresh highs, the stock is showing resilience after a short correction and is expected to perform well in the July series. Gift A Story Share member-only stories with your friends or family and help them read it for free. Gifting Limit Reached! Hey , no more stories left for you to gift. No worries! You will get a limit of 15 stories next month to share with your friends and family.  Stories Left! You can gift upto 15 stories in a month. LINK COPIED Worry not. You’re just a step away. It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits. To read full story, subscribe to ET Prime ₹34 per week 
                    Billed annually at 
                    ₹2499 ₹1749 Super Saver Sale - Flat 30% Off On ET Prime Membership Offer Exclusively For You Save up to Rs. 700/- ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP Offer Exclusively For You Get 1 Year Free With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership Offer Exclusively For You Get 1 Year Free With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership Offer Exclusively For You Get Flat 40% Off Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year Offer Exclusively For You ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year Diwali Offer Get flat 35% off on ETPrime 90 Days Prime access worth Rs999 unlocked for you Exclusive Economic Times Stories, Editorials & Expert opinion across 20+ sectors Stock analysis. Market Research. Industry Trends on 4000+ Stocks ​Get 1 Year Complimentary Subscription of TOI+ worth Rs.799/-​ Quick Links Hot on Web In Case you missed it Top Searched Companies Top Calculators Top Prime Articles Top Performing MF Top Definitions Top Commodities Top Slideshow Top Story Listing Latest News Follow us on: Log In/Connect with: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed
