URL: https://simplywall.st/stocks/in/diversified-financials/nse-bajfinance/bajaj-finance-shares/news/possible-bearish-signals-with-bajaj-finance-insiders-disposi-1

Stock Analysis  Over the past year, many Bajaj Finance Limited (NSE:BAJFINANCE) insiders sold a significant stake in the company which may have piqued investors' interest.   When analyzing insider transactions, it is usually more valuable to know whether insiders are buying versus knowing if they are selling, as the latter sends an ambiguous message.  However, when multiple insiders sell stock over a specific duration, shareholders should take notice as that could possibly be a red flag.      While insider transactions are not the most important thing when it comes to long-term investing,  logic dictates you should pay some attention to whether insiders are buying or selling shares.   See our latest analysis for Bajaj Finance   The MD & Executive Director, Rajeev Jain, made the biggest insider sale in the last 12 months. That single transaction was for ₹1.2b worth of shares at a price of ₹6,450 each.    That means that an insider was selling shares at  slightly  below the current price (₹7,320).  We generally consider it a negative if insiders have been selling, especially if they did so below the current price, because it implies that they considered a lower price to be reasonable.  While insider selling is not a positive sign, we can't be sure if it does mean insiders think the shares are fully valued, so it's only a weak sign.   This single sale was 52% of Rajeev Jain's stake.       In the last year Bajaj Finance insiders didn't buy any company stock.    You can see the insider transactions (by companies and individuals) over the last year depicted in the chart below.  If you click on the chart, you can see all the individual transactions, including the share price, individual, and the date!   If you are like me, then you will not want to miss this free list of small cap stocks that are not only being bought by insiders but also have attractive valuations.   Looking at the total insider shareholdings in a company can help to inform your view of whether they are well aligned with common shareholders.  Usually, the higher the insider ownership, the more likely it is that insiders will be incentivised to build the company for the long term.   Bajaj Finance insiders own 0.2% of the company, currently worth about ₹9.5b based on the recent share price.  Most shareholders would be happy to see this sort of insider ownership, since it suggests that management incentives are well aligned with other shareholders.    The fact that there have been no Bajaj Finance insider transactions recently certainly doesn't bother us.      While we feel good about high insider ownership of Bajaj Finance, we can't say the same about the selling of shares.       So these insider transactions can help us build a thesis about the stock, but it's also worthwhile knowing the risks facing this company.    For example, Bajaj Finance has 3 warning signs (and 1 which can't be ignored) we think you should know about.    If you would prefer to check out another company -- one with potentially superior financials -- then do not miss this free list of interesting companies, that have HIGH return on equity and low debt.  For the purposes of this article, insiders are those individuals who report their transactions to the relevant regulatory body. We currently account for open market transactions and private dispositions of direct interests only, but not derivative transactions or indirect interests. Discover if Bajaj Finance might be undervalued or overvalued with our detailed analysis, featuring fair value estimates, potential risks, dividends, insider trades, and its financial condition. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. Operates as a deposit-taking non-banking financial company in India. Exceptional growth potential average dividend payer. Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd (ACN 600 056 611), is a Corporate Authorised Representative (Authorised Representative Number: 467183) of Sanlam Private Wealth Pty Ltd (AFSL No. 337927). Any advice contained in this website is general advice only and has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. You should not rely on any advice and/or information contained in this website and before making any investment decision we recommend that you consider whether it is appropriate for your situation and seek appropriate financial, taxation and legal advice. Please read our Financial Services Guide before deciding whether to obtain financial services from us.
