URL: https://simplywall.st/stocks/in/telecom/nse-bhartiartl/bharti-airtel-shares/news/heres-why-we-think-bharti-airtel-nsebhartiartl-might-deserve

Stock Analysis  The excitement of investing in a company that can reverse its fortunes is a big draw for some speculators, so even companies that have no revenue, no profit, and a record of falling short, can manage to find investors.  But the reality is that when a company loses money each year, for long enough, its investors will usually take their share of those losses.  Loss making companies can act like a sponge for capital - so investors should be cautious that they're not throwing good money after bad.   If this kind of company isn't your style, you like companies that generate revenue, and even earn profits, then you may well be interested in Bharti Airtel (NSE:BHARTIARTL). While profit isn't the sole metric that should be considered when investing, it's worth recognising businesses that can consistently produce it.   See our latest analysis for Bharti Airtel   Over the last three years, Bharti Airtel has grown earnings per share (EPS) at as impressive rate from a relatively low point, resulting in a three year percentage growth rate that isn't particularly indicative of expected future performance.  So it would be better to isolate the growth rate over the last year for our analysis.    Bharti Airtel's EPS has risen over the last 12 months, growing from ₹14.74 to ₹16.46.  This amounts to a 12% gain; a figure that shareholders will be pleased to see.    Careful consideration of revenue growth and earnings before interest and taxation (EBIT) margins can help inform a view on the sustainability of the recent profit growth.    While we note Bharti Airtel achieved similar EBIT margins to last year, revenue grew by a solid 5.1% to ₹1.5t.  That's progress.     In the chart below, you can see how the company has grown earnings and revenue, over time.  To see the actual numbers, click on the chart.   You don't drive with your eyes on the rear-view mirror, so you might be more interested in this free report showing analyst forecasts for Bharti Airtel's future profits.   Since Bharti Airtel has a market capitalisation of ₹9.8t, we wouldn't expect insiders to hold a large percentage of shares.  But we do take comfort from the fact that they are investors in the company.     To be specific, they have ₹1.7b worth of shares.  This considerable investment should help drive long-term value in the business.   Even though that's only about 0.02% of the company, it's enough money to indicate alignment between the leaders of the business and ordinary shareholders.     As previously touched on, Bharti Airtel is a growing business, which is encouraging.   To add an extra spark to the fire, significant insider ownership in the company is another highlight.  The combination definitely favoured by investors so consider keeping the company on a watchlist.     We don't want to rain on the parade too much, but we did also find 2 warning signs for Bharti Airtel (1 makes us a bit uncomfortable!) that you need to be mindful of.    There's always the possibility of doing well buying stocks that are not growing earnings and do not have insiders buying shares. But for those who consider these important metrics, we encourage you to check out companies that do have those features. You can access a tailored list of Indian companies which have demonstrated growth backed by significant insider holdings.  Please note the insider transactions discussed in this article refer to reportable transactions in the relevant jurisdiction. Discover if Bharti Airtel might be undervalued or overvalued with our detailed analysis, featuring fair value estimates, potential risks, dividends, insider trades, and its financial condition. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. Operates as a telecommunications company in India and internationally. High growth potential with proven track record and pays a dividend. Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd (ACN 600 056 611), is a Corporate Authorised Representative (Authorised Representative Number: 467183) of Sanlam Private Wealth Pty Ltd (AFSL No. 337927). Any advice contained in this website is general advice only and has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. You should not rely on any advice and/or information contained in this website and before making any investment decision we recommend that you consider whether it is appropriate for your situation and seek appropriate financial, taxation and legal advice. Please read our Financial Services Guide before deciding whether to obtain financial services from us.
